.bd B 3
.TH hexpru 1 "Mar 16, 2015" "TI Tools" "TI Code Generation Tools"
.SH NAME
hexpru - Hex Converter
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B hexpru
[
.I options
] [
.I file(s)
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The hex converter converts an object file into one of several standard hexadecimal formats.
.SH OPTIONS
The following options are accepted by this tool:
.SS General Options:
.SS
.TP
-byte
Output as bytes rather than target addressing
.TP
-exclude=section
Exclude section from hex conversion
.TP
-fill=val
Specify fill value
.TP
-h
Display a help message that includes usage and option information [Same as -options]
.TP
-image
Select image mode
.TP
-linkerfill
Include linker fill sections in images
.TP
-map=file
Specify map file name
.TP
-memwidth=width
Specify memory width
.TP
-o=file
Specify output file names
.TP
-olength=num
Number of data items per line of hex output
.TP
-options
Display a help message that includes usage and option information [Same as -h]
.TP
-q
Quiet Operation [Same as -quiet]
.TP
-quiet
Quiet Operation [Same as -q]
.TP
-romwidth=width
Specify rom width
.TP
-z
Zero based addressing [Same as -zero]
.TP
-zero
Zero based addressing [Same as -z]
.SS Diagnostics Options:
.SS
.TP
--diag_error=id
Treat diagnostic <id> as error
.TP
--diag_remark=id
Treat diagnostic <id> as remark
.TP
--diag_suppress=id
Suppress diagnostic <id>
.TP
--diag_warning=id
Treat diagnostic <id> as warning
.TP
--diag_wrap[=on,off]
Set diagnostic messages to wrap at 79 columns (on) or not (off). The argument to the option is optional, and if not specified it will default to: on
.TP
--display_error_number
Emit diagnostic identifier numbers
.TP
--issue_remarks
Issue remarks
.TP
--no_warnings
Suppress warnings
.TP
-pdb
Line buffer diagnostic output to reduce message mixing when compiling in parallel.
.TP
-pdew
Treat warnings as errors
.TP
--set_error_limit=count
Set error limit to <count>
.SS Output Format Options:
.SS
.TP
-a
Output ASCII hex format
.TP
-i
Output Intel hex format
.TP
-m[=1,2,3]
Output Motorola S hex format
.TP
-t
Output TI-Tagged hex format
.TP
--ti_txt
Output TI-TXT hex format
.TP
-x
Output Extended Tektronix hex format
.SS Load Image Options:
.SS
.TP
--host_image
Output Host Image Object format
.TP
--host_image:endianness=big,little
Select the endianness of the host image object file. This should match the endianness of whatever other object files will be linked with the host image. The endianness of the host image object file is independent of the endiannes of the input object files.
.TP
--host_image:hidden_symbols
Determine the visibility of symbols copied in host images. Specifying this option will make all symbols in the host image local. If the output format is ELF, the symbols will also be hidden. If this option is not specified symbols are global and visible by default.
.TP
--host_image:hide=string
Explicitly make a host image symbol hidden. Overrides the default binding chosen with --host_image:hidden_symbols.
.TP
--host_image:show=string
Explicitly make a host image symbol visible. Overrides the default binding chosen with --host_image:hidden_symbols.
.TP
--host_image:target=ARM,MSP430,C2000,C6000,ARP32,PRU
Machine type of the host image object file
.TP
--load_image
Output Load Image Object format
.TP
--section_name_prefix=string
Prefix for load/host image object sections. For load images, sections will be named PREFIX_1, PREFIX_2, etc.. For host images, sections will be named .PREFIX:(input section name) instead.
.SH EXIT STATUS
The following error values are returned:
.PD 0
.TP 10
.B 0
Successful completion.
.TP
.B >0
Unsuccessful completion; an error occured.
.PD
.SH COPYRIGHT
.TP
Copyright (c) 2015, Texas Instruments, Inc.
